documentation/en/90_Rules/rgaa3.2017/11.Forms/Rule-11-3-2.md, before:

# RGAA 3.2017 - Rule 11.3.2

## Summary
No-check rule


## Business description

### Criterion
[11.3](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#crit-11-3)

### Test
[11.3.2](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#test-11-3-2)

### Description
<div lang="fr">Chaque <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#tiquette-de-champs-de-formulaire">&#xE9;tiquette</a> associ&#xE9;e &#xE0; un <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#champ-de-saisie-de-formulaire">champ de formulaire</a> ayant la m&#xEA;me fonction et r&#xE9;p&#xE9;t&#xE9;e dans un ensemble de pages est-elle <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#tiquettes-cohrentes">coh&#xE9;rente</a>&nbsp;?</div>

### Level
**AA**


## Technical description

### Scope
**Page**

### Decision level
@@@TODO


## Algorithm

### Selection
None

### Process
None

### Analysis

#### No Tested
In all cases


##  TestCases

[TestCases files for rule 11.3.2](https://github.com/Asqatasun/Asqatasun/tree/develop/rules/rules-rgaa3.2017/src/test/resources/testcases/rgaa32017/Rgaa32017Rule110302/)

Commit message:

Rgaa3.2017, enabled 11.3.2 from Rgaa3.2016: same ID / same content
----> enabled in database

rule 11.3.2: same ID and same content

source changelog:
http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/changelog.html

source files:
/rules/rules-rgaa3.2016/src/main/java/org/asqatasun/rules/rgaa32016/Rgaa32016Rule110302.java
/rules/rules-rgaa3.2016/src/test/java/org/asqatasun/rules/rgaa32016/Rgaa32016Rule110302Test.java
/rules/rules-rgaa3.2016/src/test/resources/testcases/rgaa32016/Rgaa32016Rule110302/*
/documentation/en/90_Rules/rgaa3.2016/11.Forms/Rule-11-3-2.md

documentation/en/90_Rules/rgaa3.2017/11.Forms/Rule-11-3-2.md, after:

# RGAA 3.2017 - Rule 11.3.2

## Summary
This test is of site scope or group of pages scope. When requesting a page audit, the result is automatically set to "Not Applicable". No check is done instead.

## Business description

### Criterion
[11.3](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#crit-11-3)

### Test
[11.3.2](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#test-11-3-2)

### Description
<div lang="fr">Chaque <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#tiquette-de-champs-de-formulaire">&#xE9;tiquette</a> associ&#xE9;e &#xE0; un <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#champ-de-saisie-de-formulaire">champ de formulaire</a> ayant la m&#xEA;me fonction et r&#xE9;p&#xE9;t&#xE9;e dans un ensemble de pages est-elle <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#tiquettes-cohrentes">coh&#xE9;rente</a>&nbsp;?</div>

### Level
**AA**

## Technical description

### Scope
**Page**

### Decision level
**Semi-Decidable**

## Algorithm

### Selection

None

### Process

None

### Analysis

#### Not Applicable

Page audit 

#### Not Tested

Group of pages audit or site audit



##  TestCases

[TestCases files for rule 11.3.2](https://github.com/Asqatasun/Asqatasun/tree/develop/rules/rules-rgaa3.2017/src/test/resources/testcases/rgaa32017/Rgaa32017Rule110302/)
