documentation/en/90_Rules/rgaa3.2017/12.Navigation/Rule-12-6-3.md, before:

# RGAA 3.2017 - Rule 12.6.3

## Summary
No-check rule


## Business description

### Criterion
[12.6](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#crit-12-6)

### Test
[12.6.3](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#test-12-6-3)

### Description
<div lang="fr">Dans chaque <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#ensemble-de-pages">ensemble de pages</a>, la fonctionnalit&#xE9; vers le <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#moteur-de-recherche-interne--un-site-web">moteur de recherche</a> se pr&#xE9;sente-t-elle toujours dans le m&#xEA;me ordre relatif dans le code source&nbsp;?</div>

### Level
**AA**


## Technical description

### Scope
**Page**

### Decision level
@@@TODO


## Algorithm

### Selection
None

### Process
None

### Analysis

#### No Tested
In all cases


##  TestCases

[TestCases files for rule 12.6.3](https://github.com/Asqatasun/Asqatasun/tree/develop/rules/rules-rgaa3.2017/src/test/resources/testcases/rgaa32017/Rgaa32017Rule120603/)

Commit message:

Rgaa3.2017, enabled 12.6.3 from Rgaa3.2016: same ID / same content
----> enabled in database

rule 12.6.3: same ID and same content

source changelog:
http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/changelog.html

source files:
/rules/rules-rgaa3.2016/src/main/java/org/asqatasun/rules/rgaa32016/Rgaa32016Rule120603.java
/rules/rules-rgaa3.2016/src/test/java/org/asqatasun/rules/rgaa32016/Rgaa32016Rule120603Test.java
/rules/rules-rgaa3.2016/src/test/resources/testcases/rgaa32016/Rgaa32016Rule120603/*
/documentation/en/90_Rules/rgaa3.2016/12.Navigation/Rule-12-6-3.md

documentation/en/90_Rules/rgaa3.2017/12.Navigation/Rule-12-6-3.md, after:

# RGAA 3.2017 - Rule 12.6.3

## Summary
This test is of site scope or group of pages scope. When requesting a page audit, the result is automatically set to "Not Applicable". No check is done instead.

## Business description

### Criterion
[12.6](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#crit-12-6)

### Test
[12.6.3](http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/criteres.html#test-12-6-3)

### Description
<div lang="fr">Dans chaque <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#ensemble-de-pages">ensemble de pages</a>, la fonctionnalit&#xE9; vers le <a href="http://references.modernisation.gouv.fr/rgaa-accessibilite/glossaire.html#moteur-de-recherche-interne--un-site-web">moteur de recherche</a> se pr&#xE9;sente-t-elle toujours dans le m&#xEA;me ordre relatif dans le code source&nbsp;?</div>

### Level
**AA**

## Technical description

### Scope
**site**

### Decision level
**Semi-Decidable**

## Algorithm

### Selection

None

### Process

None

### Analysis

#### Not Applicable

Page audit 

#### Not Tested

Group of pages audit or site audit



##  TestCases

[TestCases files for rule 12.6.3](https://github.com/Asqatasun/Asqatasun/tree/develop/rules/rules-rgaa3.2017/src/test/resources/testcases/rgaa32017/Rgaa32017Rule120603/)
